README.md, before:

# How to Run

- Make sure that Docker is installed on your system. If not, you can download and install it from the official Docker website. Use this link to download Docker Desktop for your operating system.
Remember to restart your system after installing Docker.
- Run following commands:
  - `cd docker`
  - `docker-compose up -d`
  - `cd ..`
  - `pip install -r requirements.txt`
  - `dbt run --exclude union.hudi_union_sources --profiles-dir .` It will be created spark and hudi parquet files with simple and increment data
  - `dbt run --select union.hudi_union_sources --profiles-dir .` It will be created hudi tables from sources on prev step
- Check S3 bucket on `http://127.0.0.1:9001/browser`. You can connect to HM with PyCharm [BigDataTool](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/big-data-tools-support.html) for example.
- Check your hive metastore on `thrift://localhost:9083`. You can connect to HM with PyCharm [BigDataTool](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/big-data-tools-support.html) for example.
- Clean `docker-compose down --rmi all`

Commit message:

Update README.md with Docker install link and Windows guide
Refined the instructions in README.md by replacing plain Docker install link with a clickable hyperlink. Also included a new section detailing how to resolve potential Spark job issues for Windows users while running Apache Hadoop.

README.md, after:

# How to Run

- Make sure that Docker is installed on your system. If not, you can download and install it from the official Docker website. Use this [link](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) to download Docker Desktop for your operating system.
Remember to restart your system after installing Docker.
- Run following commands:
  - `cd docker`
  - `docker-compose up -d`
  - `cd ..`
  - `pip install -r requirements.txt`
  - `dbt run --exclude union.hudi_union_sources --profiles-dir .` It will be created spark and hudi parquet files with simple and increment data
  - `dbt run --select union.hudi_union_sources --profiles-dir .` It will be created hudi tables from sources on prev step
- Check S3 bucket on `http://127.0.0.1:9001/browser`. You can connect to MinIO with PyCharm [BigDataTool](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/big-data-tools-support.html) for example.
- Check your hive metastore on `thrift://localhost:9083`. You can connect to HMS with PyCharm [BigDataTool](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/big-data-tools-support.html) for example.
- Clean `docker-compose down --rmi all`

# Note for windows users
- When running Spark applications on Windows, you might encounter issues related to Hadoop DLLs and the Hadoop execution script. These issues can typically be resolved by installing winutils.exe.
winutils.exe is a utility that is part of the Apache Hadoop project, needed for running Hadoop jobs, which also includes Spark jobs as the latter is built on top of Hadoop.
- To install winutils.exe:
  1. Download the winutils.exe binary from the repository matching your Hadoop version. You can find binaries [here](https://github.com/steveloughran/winutils). Download the one that matches your Hadoop version.
  2. Create a directory such as C:\hadoop\bin and place the winutils.exe in the bin directory.
  3. Set HADOOP_HOME to the parent directory, e.g., C:\hadoop.
  4. Add %HADOOP_HOME%\bin to your PATH environment variable.

  After following these steps, your Spark job should work correctly on Windows.
